---
layout: post
title:  "Screenprinting at home"
date:   2019-03-09 15:39:40
preview: /images/blog2mini.jpg
tags: screenprinting
---
These are some little things that make your life much easier and that I was in the beginning reluctant to do, even if the investment is quite minimal. Yeah, I am a very irrational creature.
Don't try to fool yourself like I did. This will not be precise if you want to align various colors.
It's worth it to buy a pair of these, it depends on your desk but they are inexpensive and very useful to set up a temporary printing space and then remove it and leave no trace. This is error aftter error, some call it learning, be careful with the placement of your "things". It is very convenient that you are able to fully move the thingy so that it can rest in the vertical position while you position the paper, etc.

Another thing that I absurdly tried to do without at first is mount spray glue. I used to keep the paper in place on the desk by positioning tw pieces of tape on it every time, so it was consuming a lot of time uselessly and also was less effective. With this, I spray a little amout of it on the surface where I'll put the paper and let it dry for a bit (otherwise your paper will get truly glued). It is very very conveninent and it is not so expensive. I mean, if you are screenprinting you already spent quite a bit of money on necessary equipment () the emulsion, screen, squeege but I think these are things that you shouldn't want to save on. I am stingy and try to buy only what is necessary.
